the mother is down her cab has been
darted to wait can now get on with his
job this is a typical day for him
believe it or not
and so is this Churchill's other
migrants are never far away
everybody's interested in forward fares
everybody wants to come up and do a
story on polar bears and and it gets it
gets hectic especially when you're
really busy with the bears you try and
accommodate each film crew to the best
the best of your potential at the time
that they're here but it is getting to
be a bit of a chore because you're just
too busy doing your job most film crews
are here for a week or two time enough
for only a brief glimpse of what happens
here the real story is far richer and
unfolds over a much longer period before
being released the Bears will be given a
set of ear tacks
this is a very good location for the
mother and Cubs to come it's a place
where you get your first ice and the
Bears are very intelligent and know that
so we do get a lot of family groups in
this area and basically we're capturing
up hopscotching them over the community
and then releasing them again and they
continue their migration so they don't
have the chance to get into trouble or
be put in a situation where they may be
destroyed
all mothers and Cubs are flown out of
the area and far enough away so they
won't come back again at least not this
year